# ads_networkanalysis

In these exercises, you will explore questions of visual image processing using the Keras library for Python. Keras is a high-level library for building artificial machine learning networks, specialising deep learning networks. Python is used to address Keras, while Keras primarily calls the open-source TensorFlow library, developed by the Google Brain team. TensorFlow in turn is written in Python and C++. As a result, Python must be installed too, which is typically done automatically when installing Keras.
Keras is therefore best viewed as an interface for TensorFlow, while TensorFlow is the underlying machine learning framework. Keras gives a more intuitive set of functions, making it easy to develop machine learning models, particularly in the context of deep learning networks. Keras, like TensorFlow and Python, has excellent cross-platform support, and importantly makes it very easy to run models on their CPUs, GPUs or clusters of either. Because artificial learning networks rely on many simple computations running in parallel, using GPUs is ideal for this application.
Because we will use relatively simple networks in this class, it is feasible to run these exercises on your own computers. However, modern laptops vary considerably in their CPUs and GPUs. A faster GPU will considerably reduce your waiting times, so if you have a choice of computers, choose the one with the better graphics card. Or Google Colab will run your code on Google’s servers, fast.
